Docs/improvement (#211)
flanksource/canary-checker: README.md

| headers | Array of key-value pairs to be passed as headers to the HTTP method.  Specified in the same manner as pod environment variables but without the support for pod spec references |   [[]kommons.EnvVar](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/flanksource/kommons#EnvVar) | |
| authentication | `username` and `password` value, both of which are specified as [[]kommons.EnvVar](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/flanksource/kommons#EnvVar), to be passed as authentication headers | *Authentication | |
| ntlm | if set to true will change the authentication protocol | bool | |

> | displayTemplate | displayTemplate represents the output format for the results. When defined results are published in text format. | string | No |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| displayTemplate | displayTemplate represents the output format for the results. When defined, results are published in text format. | string | No |
```

<sup>*</sup> One of either endpoint or namespace must be specified, but not both.  Specify a namespace of `"*"` to crawl all namespaces.

This check has an option to display result in text format instead of pass/fail bar format.
To enable text based result user would define `displayTemplate`.

> The fields exposed for displayTemplate are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fields exposed for `displayTemplate` are:
```

| headers | Array of key-value pairs to be passed as headers to the HTTP method.  Specified in the same manner as pod environment variables but without the support for pod spec references |   [[]kommons.EnvVar](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/flanksource/kommons#EnvVar) | |
| authentication | `username` and `password` value, both of which are specified as [[]kommons.EnvVar](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/flanksource/kommons#EnvVar), to be passed as authentication headers | *Authentication | |
| ntlm | if set to true will change the authentication protocol | bool | |
| displayTemplate | displayTemplate represents the output format for the results. When defined, results are published in text format. | string | No |

<sup>*</sup> One of either endpoint or namespace must be specified, but not both.  Specify a namespace of `"*"` to crawl all namespaces.

> This check has an option to display result in text format instead of pass/fail bar format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This check provides an option to display results in text format instead of pass/fail bar format.
```

> To enable text based result user would define `displayTemplate`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable text format the user would define a `displayTemplate`.
```

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| description | description for the test | string | No |
| driver | sql driver | string | Yes |
| connection | connection string to connect to the server | string | Yes |
| query | query that needs to be executed on the server  | string | Yes |
| results | Number of rows returned by query. Defaults to 1 | int | No |
| resultsFunction |  resultsFunction defines the results that needs to be checked. | string | No |
| displayTemplate | displayTemplate represents the output format for the results. When defined results are published in text format. | string | No |

> Example with resultsFunction:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example with `resultsFunction`:
```

```yaml
postgres:
    - connection: "host=localhost port=5432 user=postgres password=password dbname=postgres sslmode=disable"
      query: "SELECT * from names"
      results: 2 # number of rows
      driver: postgres
      resultsFunction: '[[ if index .results 0 "surname" | eq "khandelwal" ]]true[[else]]false[[end]]'
      displayTemplate: '[[ index .results 0 ]]'
```

> This check has an option to display result in text format instead of pass/fail bar format.
> To enable text based result user would define `displayTemplate`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This check has an option to display result in text format instead of pass/fail bar format.

To enable text based result user would define `displayTemplate`.
```

> The fields exposed for displayTemplate are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fields exposed for `displayTemplate` are:
```

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| description | description for the test | string | No |
| driver | sql driver | string | Yes |
| connection | connection string to connect to the server | string | Yes |
| query | query that needs to be executed on the server  | string | Yes |
| results | Number of rows returned by query. Defaults to 1 | int | No |
| resultsFunction |  resultsFunction defines the results that needs to be checked. | string | No |

> | displayTemplate | displayTemplate represents the output format for the results. When defined results are published in text format. | string | No |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| displayTemplate | displayTemplate represents the output format for the results. When defined, results are published in text format. | string | No |
```

#### Example with resultsFunction

```yaml
postgres:
    - connection: "host=localhost port=5432 user=postgres password=password dbname=postgres sslmode=disable"
      query: "SELECT * from names"
      results: 2 # number of rows
      driver: postgres
      resultsFunction: '[[ if index .results 0 "surname" | eq "khandelwal" ]]true[[else]]false[[end]]'
      displayTemplate: '[[ index .results 0 ]]'
```
This check has an option to display result in text format instead of pass/fail bar format.

> To enable text based result user would define `displayTemplate`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable text-based results the user would define a `displayTemplate`.
```

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| description | description for the test | string | No |
| driver | sql driver | string | Yes |
| connection | connection string to connect to the server | string | Yes |
| query | query that needs to be executed on the server  | string | Yes |
| results | Number of rows returned by query. Defaults to 1 | int | No |
| resultsFunction |  resultsFunction defines the results that needs to be checked. | string | No |
| displayTemplate | displayTemplate represents the output format for the results. When defined results are published in text format. | string | No |

> Example with resultsFunction:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example with `resultsFunction`:
```

```yaml
mssql:
    - connection: "server=localhost;user id=sa;password=S0m3S3curep@sswd;port=1433;database=master"
      query: "SELECT * from names"
      results: 2 # number of rows
      driver: mssql
      resultsFunction: '[[ if index .results 0 "surname" | eq "khandelwal" ]]true[[else]]false[[end]]'
      displayTemplate: '[[ index .results 0 ]]'
```

This check has an option to display result in text format instead of pass/fail bar format.

> To enable text based result user would define `displayTemplate`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To enable text based result user would define `displayTemplate`.
```

> The fields exposed for displayTemplate are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fields exposed for `displayTemplate` are:
```

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| description | description for the test | string | No |
| driver | sql driver | string | Yes |
| connection | connection string to connect to the server | string | Yes |
| query | query that needs to be executed on the server  | string | Yes |
| results | Number of rows returned by query. Defaults to 1 | int | No |
| resultsFunction |  resultsFunction defines the results that needs to be checked. | string | No |
| displayTemplate | displayTemplate represents the output format for the results. When defined results are published in text format. | string | No |

#### Example with resultsFunction

```yaml
mssql:
    - connection: "server=localhost;user id=sa;password=S0m3S3curep@sswd;port=1433;database=master"
      query: "SELECT * from names"
      results: 2 # number of rows
      driver: mssql
      resultsFunction: '[[ if index .results 0 "surname" | eq "khandelwal" ]]true[[else]]false[[end]]'
      displayTemplate: '[[ index .results 0 ]]'
```

> This check has an option to display result in text format instead of pass/fail bar format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This check provides an option to display result in text format instead of pass/fail bar format.
```

| minSize | min size of of most recent matched object in bytes | int64 | Yes |
| usePathStyle | Use path style path: http://s3.amazonaws.com/BUCKET/KEY instead of http://BUCKET.s3.amazonaws.com/KEY | bool | Yes |
| skipTLSVerify | Skip TLS verify when connecting to s3 | bool | Yes |
| displayTemplate | displayTemplate represents the output format for the results. | string | No |

> >Note: This check always display results in text based format. The displayTemplate defaults to `"Size: [[.size]]; Age: [[.maxAge]]; Count: [[.count]]; TotalSize: [[.totalSize]]"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This check always display results in text based format. The displayTemplate defaults to `"Size: [[.size]]; Age: [[.maxAge]]; Count: [[.count]]; TotalSize: [[.totalSize]]"`
```

> The fields exposed for displayTemplate are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fields exposed for `displayTemplate` are:
```

| endpoint |  | string | Yes |
| thresholdMillis |  | int64 | Yes |

### Junit

The check take's pod spec as input complete its job and post the result of the generated junit result files
```yaml
junit:
  - testResults: "/tmp/junit-results/"
    description: "junit demo test"
    displayTemplate: 'Passed: [[.passed]]; Failed: [[.failed]]; Skipped: [[.skipped]]; Error: [[.error]]'
    spec:
      containers:
        - name: jes
          image: docker.io/tarun18/junit-test-pass
          command: ["/start.sh"]
```
The above sample junit test will wait for the specified container to finish its job and once completed will parse all the xml files defined in `testResults` field

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| testResults | directory where the results will be published | string | Yes |
| description| description about the test | string | No |
| spec | Pod specification | corev1.PodSpec | Yes |
| displayTemplate | displayTemplate represents the output format for the results. | string | No |

>Note: the only thing required in spec is the containers section with only your job container

> This check always display results in text based format. The displayTemplate defaults to `Passed: [[.passed]], Failed: [[.failed]]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This check always display results in text based format. The `displayTemplate` defaults to `Passed: [[.passed]], Failed: [[.failed]]`
```

> The fields exposed for displayTemplate are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fields exposed for `displayTemplate` are:
```

- .passed: number of test passed.
- .failed: number of test failed.
- .skipped: number of test skipped.
- .error: number of test errored out.

### Smb - Verify Folder Freshness

> This check connect to the specified samba server to check folder freshness. This check will 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This check connect to the specified samba server to check folder freshness. This check will:

```

- Verify the age of most recently modified file against `minAge` and `maxAge`.
- Verify the number of files present in the mount against `minCount`.
```yaml
smb:
  - server: 192.168.1.9
    username: samba
    password: password
    sharename: "Some Public Folder"
    minAge: 10h
    maxAge: 20h
    searchPath: a/b/c
    description: "Success SMB server"
```

> User can define server in `\\server\e$\a\b\c` format where `server` is the host `e$` is the sharename and `a/b/c` represent the sub-dir inside mount location where the test will run to verify

Reviewer: ```suggestion

User can define server in `\\server\e$\a\b\c` format where `server` is the host `e$` is the sharename and `a/b/c` represent the sub-dir inside mount location where the test will run to verify

```

```yaml
smb:
   - server: '\\192.168.1.5\Some Public Folder\somedir'
     username: samba
     password: password
     sharename: "sharename" #will be overwritten by 'Some Public Folder'
     searchPath: a/b/c #will be overwritten by 'somedir'
     minAge: 10h
     maxAge: 100h
     displayTemplate: 'Age: [[.age]]'
     description: "Success SMB server"
```

> >Note when you use the above syntax the sharename and searchPath will be overwritten by the server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** when you use the above syntax the sharename and searchPath will be overwritten by the server
```

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| server | path to the server | string | Yes |
| port | port on which smb is running. Defaults to 443 | int | No |
| username | username for smb | string | Yes |
| password | password for smb | string | Yes |
| domain | domain for smb | string | No |
| workstation | workstation for smb | string | No |
| sharename | sharename for smb | string | No |
| searchPath | sub-dir inside mount location inside which files will be checked | string | No |
| minAge | minimum permissible file age | string | No |
| maxAge | maximum permissible file age | string | No |
| minCount | minimum number of files permissible | int | No |
| description | description about the test | string | No |
| displayTemplate | displayTemplate represents the output format for the results. | string | No |

> This check always display results in text based format. The displayTemplate defaults to `File Age: [[.age]]; File count: [[.count]]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This check always display results in text based format. The `displayTemplate` defaults to `File Age: [[.age]]; File count: [[.count]]`
```

> The fields exposed for displayTemplate are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fields exposed for `displayTemplate` are:
```

- .age: Age of the most recently modified file.
- .count: number of files present in the mount.

### Text Based Results

> Alongside our normal bar based results we now have the feature to display text based results for some checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alongside our normal bar based results we now have the feature to display text based results for some checks.

```

In the check user can define `displayTemplate` to get text based results. 

> The displayTemplate accepts a template with delimiter `[[` `]]` and supports all the functions of [gomplate](https://docs.gomplate.ca/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `displayTemplate` accepts a template with delimiter `[[` `]]` and supports all the functions of [gomplate](https://docs.gomplate.ca/).
```

Checks that currently have support for displayTemplate are:
- [s3Bucket](#s3-bucket---query-the-contents-of-an-s3-bucket-for-freshness)
- sql
  - [postgres](#postgres---query-a-postgresql-db-using-sql)
  - [mssql](#mssql---query-a-mssql-db-using-sql)
- [http](#http---query-an-http-endpoint-or-namespace)    
- [junit](#junit)
- [smb](#smb---verify-folder-freshness)

> Checkout the above tests for more info about the fields that are available for their displayTemplate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the above tests for more info about the fields that are available for their `displayTemplate`.
```

| endpoint |  | string | Yes |
| thresholdMillis |  | int64 | Yes |

### Junit

> The check take's pod spec as input complete its job and post the result of the generated junit result files

Reviewer: This is unclear to me. I missed it the first time.

Author: It takes pod spec i.e. container and other info and waits for it to complete its job. Once complete parses the generated junit reports and post back the result.
Can you suggest what should be the phrasing for this?

```yaml
junit:
  - testResults: "/tmp/junit-results/"
    description: "junit demo test"
    displayTemplate: 'Passed: [[.passed]]; Failed: [[.failed]]; Skipped: [[.skipped]]; Error: [[.error]]'
    spec:
      containers:
        - name: jes
          image: docker.io/tarun18/junit-test-pass
          command: ["/start.sh"]
```
The above sample junit test will wait for the specified container to finish its job and once completed will parse all the xml files defined in `testResults` field

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| testResults | directory where the results will be published | string | Yes |
| description| description about the test | string | No |
| spec | Pod specification | corev1.PodSpec | Yes |
| displayTemplate | displayTemplate represents the output format for the results. | string | No |

> >Note: the only thing required in spec is the containers section with only your job container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** the only thing required in spec is the containers section with only your job container
```

> This check always display results in text based format. The `displayTemplate` defaults to `Passed: [[.passed]], Failed: [[.failed]]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This check always displays results in text-based format. The `displayTemplate` defaults to `Passed: [[.passed]], Failed: [[.failed]]`
```

The fields exposed for `displayTemplate` are:
- .passed: number of test passed.
- .failed: number of test failed.
- .skipped: number of test skipped.
- .error: number of test errored out.

### Smb - Verify Folder Freshness

> This check connect to the specified samba server to check folder freshness. This check will:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This check connects to the specified samba server to check folder freshness. This check will:
```

- Verify the age of most recently modified file against `minAge` and `maxAge`.
- Verify the number of files present in the mount against `minCount`.
```yaml
smb:
  - server: 192.168.1.9
    username: samba
    password: password
    sharename: "Some Public Folder"
    minAge: 10h
    maxAge: 20h
    searchPath: a/b/c
    description: "Success SMB server"
```

> User can define server in `\\server\e$\a\b\c` format where `server` is the host `e$` is the sharename and `a/b/c` represent the sub-dir inside mount location where the test will run to verify

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user can define server in `\\server\e$\a\b\c` format where:

- `server` is the host 
- `e$` is the sharename 
- `a/b/c` represent the sub-dir inside mount location where the test will run to verify.
```

Reviewer: Not clear on what is meant by "where the test will run to verify".

Author: Inside the subdir in context

```yaml
smb:
   - server: '\\192.168.1.5\Some Public Folder\somedir'
     username: samba
     password: password
     sharename: "sharename" #will be overwritten by 'Some Public Folder'
     searchPath: a/b/c #will be overwritten by 'somedir'
     minAge: 10h
     maxAge: 100h
     displayTemplate: 'Age: [[.age]]'
     description: "Success SMB server"
```

> > **Note:** when you use the above syntax the sharename and searchPath will be overwritten by the server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** When using the above syntax, the sharename and searchPath will be overwritten by the server.
```

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| server | path to the server | string | Yes |
| port | port on which smb is running. Defaults to 443 | int | No |
| username | username for smb | string | Yes |
| password | password for smb | string | Yes |
| domain | domain for smb | string | No |
| workstation | workstation for smb | string | No |
| sharename | sharename for smb | string | No |
| searchPath | sub-dir inside mount location inside which files will be checked | string | No |
| minAge | minimum permissible file age | string | No |
| maxAge | maximum permissible file age | string | No |
| minCount | minimum number of files permissible | int | No |
| description | description about the test | string | No |
| displayTemplate | displayTemplate represents the output format for the results. | string | No |

This check always display results in text based format. The `displayTemplate` defaults to `File Age: [[.age]]; File count: [[.count]]`

The fields exposed for `displayTemplate` are:

> - .age: Age of the most recently modified file.

Reviewer: Can we make casing on first letter consistent in the doc?

Author: Do you mean after the exposed fields?
in this case `Age`?

- .count: number of files present in the mount.

### Text Based Results
Alongside our normal bar based results we now have the feature to display text based results for some checks.

In the check user can define `displayTemplate` to get text based results. 

The `displayTemplate` accepts a template with delimiter `[[` `]]` and supports all the functions of [gomplate](https://docs.gomplate.ca/).

> Checks that currently have support for displayTemplate are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checks that currently have support for `displayTemplate` are:
```
